oh wait your phone hey whats up guys
spawn here welcome to episode 5 of our
fifa 13 ultimate team extravaganza and
right here i'm starting off i needed
some contracts so i think I get a couple
contracts but first I get the three pack
from getting the EA sports season ticket
and I really been enjoying reading the
comments I've seen some suggestions for
teams that should be made or some
players that I should get and I really
am looking at them all and I think I do
get a couple of those guys I think in
like the second episode someone said de
Guzman and I already had the episode
made where I but I already I did get to
Hugh's month so that was pretty cool and
I saw someone else's comment to get
Ibrahim Apple I so we'll look into that
and it may be in this episode we'll
actually get him so stay tuned for that
we got a couple rage quitters in this
episode which isn't too bad we just get
some quick wins obviously if they quit
in like the 12th minute that's kind of
cool you only play it's like a really
quick game and you get an easy win so
right there I actually do get a fly and
I didn't realize how so coming up so
quick but he is a really good player 81
overall and he has forced our skills
with actually pretty decent long shots
i'm not too sure PS flare but he's
really good dribbler and yet so we get
another gold center back from the
netherlands of course and we're looking
for a gold left back but i don't think
there is a gold left back from the
netherlands let me know in the comments
if there is i can remember offhand but
bry fide might be our best option at the
moment if we want to keep it all
netherlands in this first game going up
a Kip a team with chemistry of 65 which
is really not good you don't want to be
playing with chemistry that's 65 or even
in the yellow um chemistry 9900 probably
the best you want to do and right here
seems to be a reoccurrence my poems
goalie kicks it out and I just kind of
header it all the way back to their
penalty box pretty much and I get
another goal so after that he just kind
of had enough already in the 12th minute
and he ends up rage quitting so we get
that quick and easy win not too bad I
was
talk about something I was looking at
the comments and i saw a funny comment
there's like it's it I think it's a trip
Scruggs or something like cuz Scruggs
they've been so busy lately I know they
have to do shadowing of doctors and all
this they have been so busy but I think
spring breaks coming up and maybe a week
or two so we'll definitely have some
time maybe we can make a couple of
videos together or something but until
then they've just been crazy busy so
yeah that's that was pretty funny just
seeing our IP Scruggs so um right here
we need a contract for our center
midfielder that was a silver but I just
decided to go get Seedorf 300 coins i
figure i can probably sell them for even
what I bottom for maybe a little bit
more he has forced our skills 54 pace I
believe that's probably as big as
negative but his passing is pretty
incredible at 86 so you can pretty much
expect where wherever you want the ball
to go it'll go there this next opponent
another one with 900 chemistry I'll take
that any day and he comes so close by
hitting the the post right there and
then I just come right back and this
could be pretty devastating if you just
get so close to scoring and then I just
come back the other way with a gold and
lens has just been picking apart
defenses he's been incredible really
he's got like 88 pace so if you guys
haven't tried him out you might want to
try Outlands I know he's only 78 overall
but he's got some pretty good stats and
he is the upgraded version so I think
there's a 76 overall on a 78 / also make
sure to get that 78 overall if you do
try them out and if you do try them out
let me know what you think because I
think he's actually a really good player
one of my favorite actually so far um I
saw a couple I saw a couple suggestions
I saw to get ryan babel the left winger
i think he is actually pretty good
player but i think i like Ibrahim Apple
I better so right here another pretty
amazing skill run from jermaine lens but
Huntelaar just cleans it up off the
deflection and this squad is really
turning out to be pretty decent only one
loss so far and I really I don't feel
like I can lose against some of these
teams i know i am only
division 4 and once i get to division
maybe even three or two teams will get a
lot tougher and they'll definitely have
100 chemistry so these guys right here
without the hundred chemistry not too
tough i guess you can say right here a
nice little skill run from Huntelaar he
doesn't have three star skills but
managed to do something with it and just
puts a right past the goalie my opponent
was defending pretty poorly just kind of
running at me um just with no urgency
really um so Huntelaar with a nine-point
a trade right there just looking at some
of the stats and I think with this win
we are like one point away from the
division three and the title I think
when we win this title we might get like
three or four thousand coins I'm not too
sure and if you guys can if you guys see
right here why put Phil Haines and who I
still think so really good player I'll
probably keep him in the squad for a
little bit but I'm rolling with
Huntelaar I think he's been playing a
lot better than el kebir el kebir I mean
15 overall rating points 85 and 70 my
thought Huntelaar space was gonna mess
him up or I thought his pace was going
to bring him down a little bit but
honestly I haven't really seen too big
of a difference in the pace he seems to
be running pretty good out there so and
he's cleaning up pretty much everything
right here I get a little fortunate lens
picks up the ball that was just kind of
rattling around in the box and he
finishes it for me and lens again with
the bomb from outside the box after that
my opponent had enough and he was pretty
much done so we're going to advance to
the division three get those coins what
we're going to do in the next episode
we're going to play the bronze turn amor
gonna try and win that one and so we're
going to build a bronze squad and it's a
different nationality one that you don't
see too much so hopefully gets you into
the next episode and we'll talk to talk
to you guys later see you